EZP-32240: Commerce API revision (#1340)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/field_type_reference.md

| [RelationList](field_types_reference/relationlistfield.md) | Validates and stores a list of relations to Content items. | Yes, with [`FieldRelation` Criterion](../guide/search/criteria_reference/fieldrelation_criterion.md) | Yes |
| [RichText](field_types_reference/richtextfield.md) | Validates and stores structured rich text in DocBook xml format, and exposes it in several formats. Available via [RichTextBundle](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-richtext). | Yes[^1^](#1-note-on-legacy-search-engine)  | Yes |
| [Selection](field_types_reference/selectionfield.md) | Validates and stores a single selection or multiple choices from a list of options. | Yes[^1^](#1-note-on-legacy-search-engine) | Yes |
| [SesExternaldata](field_types_reference/sesexternaldata.md) | Uses external storage to store data. |||
| [SesProfiledata](field_types_reference/sesprofiledata.md) | Stores address data for a customer. | No | No |

> | [SesSelection](field_types_reference/sesselection.md) | Stores a single selection choice using options from a YAML file. | Yes | Yes |

Author: ```suggestion
| [SesSelection](field_types_reference/sesselection.md) | Stores a single selection choice based on options from a YAML file. | Yes | Yes |
```
